
Parindey Event in Pune
As this line from the song suggests, all children need is a little time, motivation and a whole lot of love to be soaring, just like eagles in the sky!
Over the last 20 years, Catalysts for Social Action (CSA) has been working tirelessly to ensure that every vulnerable child is nurtured to become a happy & contributing member of society. To achieve our vision we have been building capabilities of the child care and protection systems to ensure vulnerable children are provided with the appropriate care and support and guided towards their full potential.

We have dedicated our 20th year celebrations to our Parindeys – the children and young adults we have been working with!

The first edition of Parindey of the series kicked off in Pune on 22nd August 2022. It was a coming together of a plethora of stakeholders – Government Officials, Donors, CCI Officials, Board Members of CSA, the CSA Team, the Children and the Young Adults – with a singular objective! To celebrate children and most importantly their achievements!

We were honoured to have Mrs. Vaishali Tribhuvan, Asst. Commissioner of Women and Child Development, Commissionerate. Maharashtra State, Mrs. Ashvini Kambale, District Child, and Women Development Officer, Pune District as our honourable guests. Their conversations sparked some thought-provoking discussions on key issues and intervention areas for vulnerable children in India. They were supported by our dynamic leader and CEO, Anandhi Yagnaraman, who as always inspired us all to keep on keeping on! And most importantly we also had Mr. Vipul Jain, Co-founder of CSA to share his valuable insights on CSA journey ahead.

The other dignatories who graced the event with their presence were Rani Dushyant, Child Welfare Committee, Number 1 Pune district, Mr. Vijay and Mrs Chaya from the State Adoption Resource Authority, Maharashtra, Adv. Paresh Khadilkar, Child Welfare Committee Pune District, Mrs. Anita Vipat, Maharshtra State Inspection Committee Member and Ex-CWC member Pune, Ganesh Kanwade, member of Juvenile Justice Board, Nashik District, Dr. Rani Dushyant, Chairperson, Child Welfare Committee Pune, Adv. Yevale, Child Welfare Committee Member, Ahmednagar, Anil Godbole, Ex-Child Welfare Committee, Solapur District and Nitin Thorat, Ex-District Child Protection Officer, Solapur District, Maharashtra.

The event marked the launch of the very fist edition of the Annual Maharashtra State Report, 2021-2022 which underscored in detail CSA’s interventions and impact across the state.

We also unveiled the success story book “Our Trailblazers – Hamari Kahaniyan” narrating the life-transforming success stories of Care Leavers from our Aftercare program.

The CSA Parindeys completely stole the show with an amazing display of an array of talents! Reinforcing our core thought that every child has potential, they just need the right guidance to soar!








